
If you have trouble getting QuickPage to work, please try the following
suggestions.  These are the most common problems people have reported.

  - If you are using Solaris 2.x, make sure you DO NOT have /usr/ucb in
    your PATH when compiling.  This does evil things.  If qpage submits
    jobs into the page queue but they are never processed, this is the
    problem.  Take /usr/ucb out of your PATH, type "make clean", and
    then type "make" to rebuild qpage.

  - Many paging services require that error correction be turned off on
    your modem.  Typically this can be done by including something like
    &A0&K0&M0 in your modem's initialization command.  If your modem
    dials the paging service but fails to connect, this is most likely
    the problem.  Also note that the IXO/TAP specification recommends a
    connection speed of 300 baud when troubleshooting.

  - Do not confuse your pager's touch-tone phone number with your paging
    service's IXO/TAP phone number.  They are never the same.

  - QuickPage expects verbal result codes from the modem.  Make sure
    your modem is programmed to use verbal result codes (ATV1) and not
    numeric result codes.  QuickPage also expects that the modem will
    echo commands (ATE1).

  - The QuickPage daemon process requires root permission in order to
    open the SNPP socket (port 444 by default).  However, since most
    people believe processes should only have superuser power when they
    absolutely need it, QuickPage gives up its root permissions
    immediately after opening the socket.  Therefore, it is important
    to make sure the DAEMON_USER you specify in the config.input
    file has the privileges necessary to create/remove files in both
    the page queue (the queuedir option in qpage.cf) and in the lock
    directory.  The daemon will also require read/write access to all
    specified modem devices (obviously).

  - Examine the output of "qpage -i -d -p <pagerid> <message>" to see
    if there are any obvious problems.  This will run QuickPage in
    interactive mode, without using any of the networking or queue
    processing code.  This command must be run on the machine which has
    the modem connected to it.  Once you get that working you can
    enable debug output in the daemon (i.e. "qpage -d -q10") for
    further troubleshooting.

  - Does "tip" work?  Try using a utility such as "tip" or "cu" to dial
    your paging service.  Make sure you're using the same baud rate and
    parity that QuickPage is using.  When your modem connects to the
    remote end, press RETURN a few times until you see the "ID=" login
    prompt.  If you can't make this work manually, QuickPage doesn't
    stand a chance.

Finally, if all else fails and you still can't make it work, please
send me some e-mail containing the output of "qpage -i -d ..." (or
whatever you feel is relevant to your problem) and I'll try my best
to help.


Good luck,
Tom.III
tomiii@qpage.org
http://www.qpage.org/
